they turn the string so my knucklehead
put things with the things up got into
breaking in 1994 me leggo and a friend
of ours used to mess around like hip hop
steps like you know early 90 hip hop
stuff and you know flipping and doing
whatever it is that we could do
and
then we saw a video by a light shade of
brown called of course the flame has to
like we saw a video by a light shade of
brown called hey DJ and there was a
bunch of breaking in it
and so our friend talked to me a leg
into breaking me and let go at first
were like you know we went against it we
didn't want to do it we're like you're
crazy that's old school like nobody
breaks he talked us into it and and so
we went to my brother who's older than
me
and we figured he would know a couple of
things about breaking or something about
anything that we didn't know about so he
was like oh this is what you need to do
you need to write all these movies and
he spoke to us about flip Beach Street
breaking wild style Style Wars he's like
you need to watch all these movies
my brother was like oh you need a crew
name so we thought of these crew names
and we thought of show style Superfly
flipside and we actually decided on
flipside because the guy who talked us
into breaking which was his name was
Ellie oh and he went by quick
he talked me alegro into breaking he had
a San Francisco 49ers hat on so I had a
half s and so we're just like oh let's
name it flipside like about a year and a
couple of months later we the friend who
got us into breaking who got me and leg
going to breaking he went to this place
called Hot Wheels which was down here in
Miami held a lot of history from like
early 80s to like mid 90s you know and
that's where all the crews went that's
where all the b-boys were like every
Friday and Saturday it was all the b-boy
crews all the graffiti writers all the
DJ's all the MCS were at Hot Wheels you
know and he went there and he called us
and he was like yo like there's
that b-boys out there like you know like
and he didn't say P boys cuz we didn't
we didn't even know the name b-boy or
the term b-boy you know and so next week
we went to Hot Wheels and
we were like in awe
you know we saw these dudes and they had
letters on their shirt and they had
jackets and trucker hats and
we're like what dumb like you
know adidas suits and were like
where'd you get that you know like
we didn't know where to get any of that
and um and yeah man and then we got in
golf like in it you know like we weren't
able to go to Hot Wheels all the time
because it was far away we didn't have
any money we were kids and so it
was far away from what from the
neighborhood that we were living in so
we would just practice all the time to
like try to go back to Hot Wheels to
like show like what we got
the first time we went to Hot Wheels we
actually got into our first battle it
was like we didn't even know it was a
battle but we knew that it was they were
didn't like the fact that who were these
like three four new guys that are here
because everyone used to like go there
all the time you know every weekend
because they all lived in that same
neighborhood and there was mad crews
back then you know like so many
crews in Miami and um they battled all
of us and it was actually me let go
that's how we met eggsy No
eggsy no he didn't even know who we were
but he got on our side cuz he hated
everybody and hotwheels even though he
was there every week is and he was
just like I like these along the stick
on the stick up your mama stick with
them and so
eggsy no back to stuff and bay bay was
there and bay they came to our side I
think it made me and my crew what we are
and who we are and they made our style
you know like it made us what like
wannabe perfectionist you know it made
us want to like strive for more even
though like you know of course all
b-boys strive to be better and to be
more to be the best and and and to you
know
dominate but in Miami you you
we weren't like I said there were no
competitions there were just it was just
egos it was just jams and egos and
ciphers and it was just like yo you're
gonna come into this cypher like watch
how you come into this cypher like if
you come in too fast you're gonna offend
somebody if you go out a certain way
you're gonna offend somebody if you land
at a certain way or make some sort of
eye contact like you're gonna offend
somebody and you're gonna get into a
battle
in the time that I grew up dancing there
wasn't there wasn't no there wasn't any
internet around there wasn't any YouTube
videos around like it wasn't there
wasn't a b-boy website you know what I
mean like you can go now and buy a b-boy
personality online and like that's it
you got the b-boy gear you got the b-boy
music you've got the b-boy posters and
like and that's it you're a b-boy
and you've been breaking like two years
you know what I mean like or a couple of
months you know
I never I never knew we were doing
anything I like that we were like making
some sort of movement or making some
sort of like you know I didn't know we
were inspiring anybody I didn't know we
were making some sort of statement you
know I just knew that I was doing what I
wanted to do and I was doing it with the
people that I wanted to do it with